now there was a man from the mountains
of Ephraim whose name was Micah and he
said to his mother the eleven hundred
shekels of silver that were taken from
you and on which you put a curse even
saying it in my ears here is this over
with me I took it and his mother said
may you be blessed by the Lord my son so
when he had returned the eleven hundred
shekels of silver to his mother his
mother said I had wholly dedicated the
silver from my hand to the Lord for my
son to make a carved image an a molded
image now therefore I will return it to
you
thus he returned the silver to his
mother then his mother took two hundred
shekels of silver and gave them to the
silversmith and he made it into a carved
image and a molded image and they were
in the house of Micah the man Micah had
a shrine and made an effort and
household idols and he consecrated one
of his sons who became his priest in
those days there was no king in Israel
everyone did what was right in his own
eyes now there was a young man from
Bethlehem in Judah of the family of
Judah he was a Levite and was staying
there the man departed from the city of
Bethlehem in Judah to stay wherever he
could find a place then he came to the
mountains of Ephraim to the house of
Micah as he journeyed
and Micah said to him where do you come
from I am a Levite from Bethlehem in
Judah and I am on my way to find a place
to stay
dwell with me and be a father and a
priest to me and I will give you ten
shekels of silver per year a suit of
clothes and your sustenance so believe I
went in then the Levite was content to
dwell with a man and the young man
became like one of his sons to him so
Micah consecrated the Levite and the
young man became his priest and lived in
the house of Micah then Micah said now I
know that the Lord will be good to me
since I have a Levite as priest
[Music]